This is what we need. Let him go.
>> All right, here we go.
>> This is Jason in the corner warming up.
>> Two. Shut the up, Freeberg. It's my
show. [laughter] Three. Two. All right,
everybody. Welcome back to the number
one podcast in the world. The podcast I,
Jason Cowakanis, named, created, and I'm
the executive producer [laughter] for
life. With me, my three Miss Crant
friends, Chimath Poly Hapatia, our
dictator. Love you, brother. Good seeing
you. Uh David Freedberg, our Sultan of
Science and Yeah. Thesar. Yeah. Who's
now made his way down to Austin.
Welcome, brother. Let's go shooting.
Let's get those beef ribs. David Saxs,
how you how you uh how you settling in
to the great state of Texas. Everybody
wants to know, David,
>> I'm loving the 70 degree weather. Is it
like this all year round?
>> You know, it's uh this is a very
wonderful time of year. uh you miss the
two weeks where it goes to freezing
temperatures. We have 10 days of
freezing temperatures and then we have
80 days of 100 degree temperatures, but
you'll be on a yacht or Italy or
somewhere uh during that like the rest
of us. That's basically all you need to
know about Austin. Just get out during
the summers cuz it's brutal. That's it.
Everything else is fan freakingastic.
But in all seriousness,
>> you're here. You're here. You're you've
moved. You've doiciled in Texas. This is
This is This has happened.
>> It happened in December.
>> Yes.
>> And so we closed on a new house. We
moved in. Went to the DMV. I signed a
lease for an Austin office for craft.
>> Nice.
>> It's done.
>> Okay. I got to I'll get you a dentist
and whatever else you need.
>> I got a doctor, too.
>> Okay. Does this mean I have to bring
Moose back? This has been the big
discussion in our house. Does this mean
we lose Moose or do we have you in
custody?
>> He needs a significant acreage to run
around. We know that.
>> Oh, he does. He does. But he misses you
and I and we'll definitely bring him by
for a visit.
>> And we'll we'll be playing some back gam
smoking some cigars.
>> You got to come by.
>> Cannot wait.
Shamath, what about you guys? You guys
going to come down? Two of four besties.
>> Matt and I started the process in
December. We are coming to check things
out. We have not made any final
decisions though.
>> Okay. Shout out to our boy Ro Kana for
driving everybody out of the state.
>> So, here's the funniest thing is we're
all in the chat group discussing the
California wealth tax, whether people
are going to leave or not. So, Chimath,
he's making a big show. I'm going to
stay and fight. I'm not leaving my home.
[laughter] They can't drive me out. And
then meanwhile, I get a call from my
broker who says she's helping Chimath
find a place. [laughter]
>> UHOH. WHAT'S GOING ON?
>> IS CHAMOTH DOING BACKDOOR TRADE? I'm
shocked that Shamat tells you one thing
and is doing another.
>> Oh my god.
>> He's at least hedging his bets.
>> He's hedging his bets.
>> A lot of people are hedging their bets.
A lot of people are
>> Serge in Florida. He got a I'm sorry. Uh
Larry's got a beautiful place in
Florida. I see. According to the news, a
lot of people and I saw Governor Abbott
uh reached out to you.
>> That's right. He welcomed me to Texas on
X. A lot of people did.
>> Michael Dell did Ted Cruz.
>> Ted Cruz. And yeah, it was a real
welcome reception. It's funny. I never
got anything like that when I was in
California.
>> Jason, I I put it on.
>> The politicians were never
>> They weren't embracing you.
>> Yeah, they were embracing me. I don't
know why.
>> Who knows? I put this on X. But when you
look at our friends that all explicitly
left, it's about half a trillion of net
worth, which I think is very bad for the
long-term budget of California.
then I can pick about 25 people just off
the top of my head. And then if you
think about all the people that will
stay and fight, I still intend to stay
and fight, but where if we're forced to
look down the barrel of a an asset tax
that has god knows what methodology,
>> it's the only thing that's united
everybody on the left and the right.
Even Reed Hoffman thinks this is insane.
I think a lot of other people will
leave. It's probably half the total
wealth that the budget estimated would
be available to be taxed will be gone.
>> Wow. I mean, these are I I don't
understand.
>> That has huge implications to the social
programs and the general budget of
California.
>> Listen, I think this is going to be a
topic. This is a prediction. I think
this is going to be a topic throughout
the year because it's not going away.
They're gathering signatures right now.
>> I agree.
>> And we're going to find out in say April
whether it's on the ballot. Now, it's
possible they don't gather the
signatures, but they only need about
850,000 of them. If it gets on the
ballot, you know, again, we'll know in
just a few months. There's going to be a
huge freakout and I think there'll be a
lot of people who will say, "I can't
take the risk. They're going to leave
the state." So, I think there's going to
be a rush for the exits. There's going
to be all sorts of repercussions from
that. Then, there'll be an election in
November. Obviously, we'll find out if
it passes or not. And then there'll be
legal challenges. So, this is going to
be a saga. I don't think this is over by
a long shot. And quite frankly, even if
it's beaten in 2026, I think a lot of
people expect that some version of this
comes back in 2028, which is the thing
that kind of pushed me over the edge in
terms of leaving is I don't think this
problem is going away. It's very
difficult if you're an entrepreneur with
a good idea to start building here
because if you get stuck in success with
a bunch of illquid stock and have no way
to pay 5% of that value, you're going to
bankrupt your own company. It just
doesn't make any sense.
>> And what if your company goes to zero
the next year, which can totally happen
with private companies? You still owe
the tax bill.
>> Yeah. I don't know how that reverses
itself. It's a terrible idea. I mean, I
was talking to Roana and Eric Swallwell
who we had on the program and I told
these guys like these dopey Democrats,
you have to stop fraud first before you
start seizing people's assets or start a
discussion about raising taxes. And you
know, we had Nick Shirley on last week
who was doing his investigative
journalism. Shout out to Shirley. And uh
how do we sell to the American public
that we want to seize their assets while
and then sending it out the back door to
fund fraud? That makes no sense. It's a
leaky bucket. So fix the bucket first
and then let's have an honest discussion
about what the right tax rate is and and
why do this with a unique tax? Why not
just put a point onto capital gains or
income tax and and have that discussion?
>> That's a great point. You could also do
what Bill Aman suggested, which is stop
allowing these margin loans. There's a
lot that actually live off of margin. Is
it a good idea? Yes and no. Depending on
the asset base you have, and if the tax
laws changed, we would all change the
approach.
>> You mentioned that Larry and Sergey have
left the state and they're probably
getting dragged for that. But one of the
reasons why I think they kind of have to
is because of the super voting stock
provision in this thing where the way
they calculate the value of your stock
is not based on its liquid market value
but if you own super voting shares they
multiply your ownership your super
voting by the market cap of the company
and they deem your shares to be worth
that. Yeah.
>> So for example Larry and Sergey I think
they combined have voting power of about
52% of Google. So what's Google worth
these days? uh 4 trillion
>> and a half trillion. 4 trillion.
>> Okay. So now I think I mean they're very
wealthy guys. I think they're each each
worth whatever 100 billionish or
whatever it is
>> I think. Yeah.
>> 200. But now their net worth will be
deemed to be I guess each one of them
would be deemed to be roughly one
trillion each. Not the call it 200
billion. So the 5% tax for them is more
like a 25% tax of all their net worth.
So it becomes and it becomes it becomes
50 because you'd have to sell more than
that to overcome the drag of selling to
generate 25 billion or 50 billion of net
worth. You have to sell 2x that because
you have to pay taxes on that,
>> right? So now what what is the point of
having that super voting provision in
there? It's just totally punitive and
vicious.
>> All right, so let's just go with a quick
prediction here.
>> I'm going to call an audible. We're
gonna get into the prediction show,
folks. We've been delaying this
prediction show because the world is
moving at an incredible pace and the
news is just, let's just call it what it
is. It's just intense. And we have a lot
of stories you all want us to to cover.
We will cover them, but we're going to
start with our prediction show. Just
lightning round prediction here. Does
this seizure tax, I'm going to call it
what it is. It's a seizure tax. They're
seizing assets. Does the seizing assets
tax go into effect or not? Does it pass
or not? Freeberg, you're first. Yes or
no? Give us a percentage poly marketed.
>> Well, does it get on the ballot first
and then does
>> Well, we know it's going to get on the
ballot. I think we agree with that. But
not correct.
>> Oh, we don't know. So then I'll make it
a two-parter. Fine. Does it get on the
ballot? Does it pass? Chimoth, you seem
ready to go. Go.
>> No. Free. Go ahead.
>> I don't think it's going to get on the
ballot.
>> Oh,
>> I agree with that.
>> In California 100%.
>> All right. Here's your poly market,
everybody. Shout out to Shane. No,
>> this is to make the ballot. This is to
make the ballot.
>> This is the question.
Will the billionaires to Austin tax,
wealth tax, drive people uh will it make
it onto the California ballot? Lightly
traded currently at 69%.
>> But you see how much lower it was? That
spike happened after Roana elevated the
issue. So when it became a cause celeb
among progressives and Bernie Sanders
weighed in, it spiked up from what was
it like 45% to 80%.
>> Okay. So when Roana committed political
sapuku, uh, it drove up. Maybe he had a
bet. Maybe he placed a bet.
>> I don't think it's political suicide for
him. There's only two ways it doesn't
get on the ballot, right? One is
>> if the SCIU uh, which is the union that
supported this, proposed it,
>> doesn't have the money to pay to collect
the signatures.
>> But I, you would think that they would,
right?
>> Mhm. [clears throat]
8 million or so is roughly what it costs
to gather the signatures for these types
of things. Clearly, they can find
850,000 people in California who support
it
>> if they're willing to put the effort in.
The other possibility is that the powers
that be, let's call it Gavin Newsome and
the machine are able to negotiate
>> with this union to get them to stand
down. And I don't have any insight into
that because that's obviously Democrat
politics, not Republican politics. H but
Freeberg and Chimat might have some
information. You have some insight. I
don't know. We're going to we're going
to leave it at that.
>> But if it does get on the ballot, what
do you think the odds are that it
passes?
>> I think it's going to be a really
important
>> 40%
>> moment for people to vote
the ability to be industrious and have
agency or what did Mamani say? It's
rugged individualism versus
>> collectivism also known as communism as
in collect. We collect your assets,
Jamal.
>> He said that we're going to replace
>> the fragility of rugged individualism
with the warmth of collectivism.
[laughter]
>> I mean, at least he's saying it out
loud. I I like this new I like these new
politicians just telling you straight up
what we're doing.
>> Well, his new housing commissioner, have
you seen this?
>> Yeah. The white lady's like, "White
people must suffer." And then she's like
she had these things where she's like,
"I see white babies in the airport and
it makes me mad." And I'm like, really?
This is crazy.
>> Um, what man broke up with this lady?
Because that dude
>> has created a monster.
>> Didn't she say something like, "We need
to introduce a a new relationship
between
>> white people and property and their
property rights or something."
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> I mean, they're saying it out loud now.
And then I guess she had a mental
breakdown and started crying when they
came to see her. I
>> No, no. What happened is they pointed
out that her parents own a multi-million
dollar home and then she broke down in
tears. [laughter]
>> Oh, her mom's a white supremacist. I
didn't realize her mom was a white
supremacist. That explains it all
because this is all about her mom.
>> I feel bad for her parents.
>> Oh god. Can you imagine your imagine one
of your kids goes and does this and
says, "We have to go collect your
houses." I mean, listen, let's do it.
Let's do what everybody wants to hear.
Our predictions for 2026. We've been
pushing it off. We're going to give it
to you right now. We always like to
start since uh you know we got into
politics here on the program at some
point. The biggest political winner,
last year's prediction for biggest
political winner for 2025 to remind
everybody. Freeberg said young
candidates. Well done. Gavin who was on
the show sitting in for Sachs who was
busy joining the administration. He said
Trump and centism would be the biggest
political winner. Chimath, you said
fiscal conservatives and who asked for
restrained spending. It was a good
thought and I said Gen X and Elder
Millennials, the JD Vance, Tulsi Sachs
group. So, let's go around the horn
here. I wonder Friedberg, who you think
will be the biggest political winner of
2026? Freeberg, your chance. Democratic
Socialist of America, the DSA, just like
the MAGA movement took over the
Republican party, I think the DSA is
taking over the the the Democratic
party. And I think that's the move we'll
see solidified in 2026.
>> Okay. Tight is right. Well done. Chama,
who do you got for biggest political
winner 2026?
>> Whoever is going to fight waste, fraud,
and abuse at the
>> federal, state, and local level.
>> Got it. So, it's an open lane to
anybody.
>> It's an open lane. It's a political
gambit that I think will work really
well in 26.
>> Very nicely done. David Saxs. Gosh, I
can't imagine who you would pick as a
political winner in 2026.
>> Well, I'm gonna go ahead.
>> I'm gonna say that the Trump boom is
going to be the biggest political winner
of 2026.
The good economic news start breaking
out before 2025 was even over. We have
2.7% inflation. Core CPI at 2.6. Both
those are 40 basis points below
expectations. 4.3% GDP growth in Q3.
Lowest trade deficit since 2009. The
Challenger Gray report out today showed
that job cuts dropped 50% from November,
which was itself down about 50% from
October.
>> Give us a number for the boom. What is
it going to be?
>> Hold on. The S&P 500 keeps making record
highs. People are paying less for gas.
Mortgage costs have fallen by $3,000.
Real wages are up over $1,000. And by
June, I predict we will see more rate
cuts, possibly 75 to 100 basis points.
And big tax refunds are coming in April.
thanks to a bigger standard deduction
and no tax on tips overtime and social
security. So I think there is so much
good economic news coming and it's
already started and I think that it's
going to have a huge impact not just on
the economy but also on political
perceptions for next year.
>> Pick your GDP for this boom year. Three,
four, five or six points sacks. I'm
pinning you down.
>> Pick four.
>> If you make it a prediction then I'd
like to pick as well.
>> Okay. I'm going to go sacks first.
>> I'm going to go for 5%.
>> Within a rounding error I believe 5%.
>> Sure. Sure. Plus or minus? Chabat. You
want to pick a number? You said you did.
>> I think the lower bound is five. I think
the upper bound is 62.
>> Wow. Incredible. Well, just to put that
in perspective,
if we print six, the only country in the
modern world that we think of as a
quasipier competitor that has printed
six is the Chinese. In a period where it
had complete and total coordination and
domination of a federal, state, and
local economy. And the fact that we can
do it under democracy and capitalism
is outrageous. Freeberg, do you want to
take a stab at that?
>> 2026 growth. Yeah. 4.6%.
>> Okay. I was going to go with between
four and five as well. In terms of my
prediction for the big political winner,
I went back and forth between the
emperor's apprentice, Darth Vance, JD
Vance, or the Mandami moment. I said
Darth Vance for a couple of reason. uh
you know he is out there defending Trump
uh and he's surging on poly market and
in the polls. He's obviously the
co-pilot of MAG. He's done a great job
of being second seat. He is not usurping
President Trump which would be a big
political mistake. He's really
navigating being the co-pilot there. But
he is the most popular politician
clearly at Turning Point USA and he is
the OG in the America first America only
moment. But I'm going to give the edge
to the Mandami moment. He's 34 years
old. We've got Ro Khan at 49 pivoting
into a socialist. And I think that's
because Democrats believe the easiest
way to win in 2026 is to go full
socialist. And Trump has, I think, given
this lane because he's forgotten about
the working man and woman in America.
Net disapproval for Trump on the
economy, 58% inflation. Despite what Sax
is saying there, it's still closer to 3%
than 2%. And Trump just announced he
wants to increase the military budget by
50% while people are still complaining
about their healthcare. And Trump has
turned into a complete neocon, bombing
seven countries this year and uh
threatening to take over Colombia and
Greenland. Who knows if that's Trump
being Trump or if that's reality, but
Trump becoming a neocon was not on
anyone's bingo card. And uh I think
Trump may have incited and given a bunch
of fuel to the Mandami moment by not
addressing the American people's needs
and going for the international
interventionism.
Okay, now
>> that was like three different answers
right there.
>> My answer is clearly Mandami. My second
place though I like to always explain my
thinking is Darth Vance. JD Vance
biggest political loser. Last year's
predictions I said Putin. Gavin said
Putin. Chimath, you said progressivism
and Freeberg, you said the pro-war
neocons would be the biggest political
losers. Uh, let's get into who we think
will be the loser this year. Uh, Sax,
why don't you start? Who's your big
political loser in 2026, you think?
>> Well, I said democratic centism or
democratic centrist, which is sort of
the flip side of you guys saying that
socialism or progressives are uh
winners. And there's two reasons for
this. One is because the socialist
ideology is sort of ascended among the
democratic base, especially the young
people who support Maani, things like
that. Unfortunately, our universities
are woke madrosas have done a terrible
job educating these students and they've
brainwashed a lot of them into this woke
ideology. But also, there's the fact
that there's so few House districts
anymore that are truly competitive. So
both the Cook Political Report and Larry
Sabado's Crystal Ball, they say that
there's fewer than two dozen House races
that are genuinely competitive going
into 2026. That's because of uh
gerrymandering and so on. So if you're a
Democrat incumbent who is in one of
these districts, like all but a couple
dozen of them, your only real threat to
losing your office is from the left,
right? It's some young AOC type coming
up to challenge you. And so you don't
want to expose your left flank. So even
the Democratic moderates have been
shifting further and further to the
left. And so you see this AOC mammi
effect happening there. So I'm kind of
in the same camp as you guys is this is
not a good trend. But uh I put this as
biggest political loser.
>> Biggest political
>> democratic centism.
>> Got it. Chimath, what do you got?
>> Can I just go back and just nitpick with
you a little bit? Why do you think
progressivism
didn't fail? And the only reason I ask
you that is outside of a few pockets of
progressivism and specifically Mandani,
if you look at the elections in Virginia
or the elections in New Jersey, those
are more centrist than progressive. And
if you look at the general approval
rates of Democrats, they trended
consistently down through 2025 as they
handgun themselves about leaving
centrism and embracing progressivism. So
the more talking points around
progressivism that emerged, the poorer
they performed. So I know your
perception or some people's perceptions
may be different based on one localized
win, but if you look at the broad trend,
it didn't work. I just put that out
there just as just as the facts and not
the vibes.
>> Well, I don't want it to be true. Just
to be clear, I would
>> I'm I'm picking
>> I would love for the Democratic party to
be
>> I don't want it to be true either, but
it does seem
>> No, but you like it was wrong and it
wasn't wrong. So,
>> well, I it might be a jump ball might be
the best way to describe it because you
have effect and
>> Okay, just look at the numerical
numbers. The trends were horrible. Like
meaning wherever the Democrats started,
the more progressive talking points they
added, the poor and poorer they
performed, the approval ratings went
down, the disapproval ratings went up.
I'm not saying that they didn't win a
mayoral race. They did do that. I'm just
saying broadly speaking, nationwide, is
the Democratic Party and its embrace of
progressivism, at least at the federal
level, has it paid off over 2025? And I
would say categorically, mathematically
not.
>> Okay. Now going to 2026. What is my
biggest political loser? What I would
say is the biggest loser of 26 is the
Monroe Doctrine. I think that when
historians look back on the Trump
presidency, they're going to rewrite it.
I think people have tried to minimize
Trump's worldview as a Trump corollary.
I don't think that's what this is. They
even try to minimize it by calling it
the Dawn Row doctrine. I don't think
that's what this is. I think that there
is a clear Trump doctrine that trumped
the Monroe doctrine and I think that is
the political loser because there is a
huge body politic that has been built
around the Monroe doctrine. How do we
view wars? How do we view our spheres of
influence? How do we view economic
multilateralism versus unilateralism?
All of that is out the window. You know,
we view this as hemispheric dominance.
That's Trump. We view it as proactive
and in very specific cases
interventionist. We intervene against
drug cartels. We control immigration. We
secure vital assets. That was you know
not really the scope of the Monroe
Doctrine.
We have more transactional relationships
quite honestly which allows us to react
in the moment. So I think the Monroe
doctrine is the biggest loser of 2026.
>> Free your biggest loser 2026.
My biggest political loser of 2026 is
the tech industry. I think AI and tech
wealth have become the lightning rod for
populism on both sides of the aisle. I
think um the right is fracturing a bit
where this call it alliance between tech
and MAGA seems to be getting a really
strong challenge from the more populist
movement. In the same sense the left is
turning hard on tech because of tech's
alignment with the right. And so I think
we're going to see in the midterms a
really big referendum against the tech
industry coming out of
>> good populist women.
>> That's a great one. Can I tell you guys
a little story from yesterday? I had a
meeting with three very senior sitting
senators before I flew back to
California. These are Republican
senators
and Freeberg. I was surprised exactly
what you said. There is a couple of
companies that have exacerbated their
frustration. They view those companies,
these are techs and the tech leaders of
these companies as just not trustworthy
and they've largely been grining these
guys for a long time and they're pretty
frustrated with it. So to your point, it
is palpable.
>> Look, I can tell you that the natural
ally for tech is with MAGA because we
still believe in property rights and
innovation. And if the Democratic party
is truly going progressive, which means
socialist, they want to rewrite your
relationship to property rights,
whatever that means, and impose wealth
taxes and the realized gains taxes and
all the rest of it. So, look, I don't
think tech has that much of a choice. As
Arnold Schwarzenegger said in one of
those movies, come with me if you want
to live.
>> Come with me if you want to live. Yes.
>> Get in the chopper.
>> But let me say this. The reason why
there's anger on the populist right is
because they remember the censorship and
the deplatforming
and the shadow banning and all that kind
of stuff. And what there needs to be is
I think there just needs to be some
meetings, some truth and reconciliation
that happens between some of these tech
leaders and some of these conservative
influencers.
>> Guess what, David Tax? I know one guy
who can help make that happen. No, I
would I would like to host some of these
meetings in 2026 and get these people
together because I think that the tech
companies have either realized their
mistake or they were pushed into it in a
lot of cases by the Biden
administration.
>> Yeah, they had a gun to their head.
Yeah,
>> they had a gun to their head. Now, I
also think that one other mistake
they've made is quite frankly they've
been donors to only leftwing causes. And
so, if you listen to Cernovich's
account, he's like, "Look guys, you
banned us. You cost us our livelihood
for years.
>> Debbanked us.
>> Debbanked us. Where's the restitution
>> or at least at least start giving some
support to our conservative cultural?
>> By the way, you nailed it on the head.
The senators that I talked to, that's
exactly what they want. They just wanted
an apology. Just be honest and say you
did it.
>> This asset seizure tax proposal in
California and the conversation about
other states, I think, is bringing a lot
of people to that table. at
least the tech
only
maybe
contrary to what people may think it may
actually be doing
>> a lot more positive for the right side
than the left by putting this forward.
This may actually be catalyzing a big
change in Silicon Valley.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And if you if you think
about it, if you were Zuckerberg or you
were,
you know, the Google executives and the
FBI is telling you, hey, we need you to
take care of these censorship issues. We
need you to label these things, etc. You
know, it puts you in a pretty tough
situation if the FBI is calling you, if
you're trying to do M&A. And then, you
know, look, now M&A under Trump is on
fire. We'll talk about that more in our
prediction show. For me, I was going
back and forth in my biggest political
loser
with these dopey Democrats who are
centrists and the the new neocon Trump.
Now, I don't know if Trump will continue
these neocon ways. So, I'm going to just
align with Sachs here that the centrist
Democrats are going to be this year's
biggest political losers. Now that
you've mentioned twice that Trump is a
neocon, I have to respond to this.
>> No, you don't. You don't have to, but go
[laughter] ahead.
>> Okay. Look, the the problem with neocon
regime change operations was I'd say
three-fold. Number one, the invasion.
You have this giant invasion, land
armies, huge numbers of people getting
killed. Took, you know, months or a
year. Took him like a year to get
Saddam, right? Number two, you then have
an occupation because whoever you then
put in power only stays in power if you
have American GIS there pointing the
guns. So you end up with a 10 or 20 year
occupation. And then third, you have
nation building, which is you end up
spending trillions of dollars basically
trying to turn them into us so that our
troops can leave. That was the mistake
of Afghanistan and Iraq. But look, what
has Trump done that is like any of those
things. There's been no invasion, no
occupation, and no nation building. This
war, I guess, with Venezuela, if you
want to call it that, it was a flawless
operation. It lasted three hours.
>> I mean, I woke up and it was like, you
know, the meme where it's like, "Wake
up, honey." It's like, "Wake up, honey.
Trump's won another war."
>> It was over before it even started.
>> They went in there and they basically
captured Maduro. No Americans were
killed. It was absolutely flawless
operation. and they are bringing him to
justice. By the way, he begged for it.
He's on tape talking a lot of smack at
rallies saying, "Come get me, you know,
>> calling the Americans chicken and so
on." So, in any event, he was begging
for it. We can go into a lot more of the
the reasons for doing it and defending
it, but I just don't think this is a
neocon policy. And in fact, it's the
Democrats who've been calling to put in
this uh Nobel Prize winner that you
interviewed, Freeberg, right? What's her
name? Maria Kito Alonzo.
>> Machado.
>> Machado. Okay. Anyway.
>> Oh,
>> Hector Alzando. I think it's Hector
Alzando. [laughter] I think he did
somebody from the Brat Pack.
>> No, she was in Running Man, I think.
Anyway, [laughter]
>> exactly.
>> But
but
>> you're talking about the Cuban Venezuela
actress.
>> I thought her name was Maria Kinchida
Alonzo. Okay. Maria Karina Machado.
Sorry. That's just what I [laughter]
thought of. Miss World Miss World
Venezuela 1975 winner Maria.
>> Look, the Democrats are are criticizing
the administration for not putting her
in power. But look, here's the problem.
Nobel prizes don't keep people in power.
Men with guns keep people in power. And
she doesn't have the men with guns. So,
it' be American GIS. There would have to
be the guns to keep her in power. And
the administration has not done that.
They're looking to basically work with
the existing regime. And the big reason
why we got sucked into Iraq is because
that whole debathification process where
we didn't just get rid of Saddam, we
took out the entire elite of the country
which created a huge insurgency. So
there's been nothing like that. Jal is
what I'm trying to tell you in this
case. It's a whole different paradigm is
what I'm trying to tell you. We're gonna
need a new name for it. Maybe Chimath is
right. Is definitely not neocon.
>> Not neon.
>> Yeah, we might need a new branding for
it. depends on, you know, if Trump is
cosplaying Neocon when he says he's
going to take Greenland, when he says
he's going to take Colombia next, when
he says he's going to take Cuba, he's
certainly playing the character of
Neocon uh publicly here. And who knows,
that could be Trump just positioning
himself and anchoring future
negotiations. But if I was telling you,
you know, before the election when you
were saying, "Hey, do not let certain
people become president, Nikki Haley,
etc., because they're neocons and
they're going to go to war with
Venezuela. Are they going to go to war
with Iran? Well, that's exactly what
Trump has done. And as flawless as our
troops did and my my lord, the we have
the greatest military ever. So, just
incredible job and shout out to them to
do this and lose no American lives was
just unbelievable. And it just says
something about the dedication of these
individuals. But things can go wrong no
matter how good you are. We could be
sitting here right now with 12 captured
Delta Force. We could have 50 dead
Americans.
>> Where's the war?
But if that did, this is where you have
to be intellectually honest.
>> If we were dealing with a situation
where they didn't pick up the target and
we had lost American troops and god
forbid they had taken hostages, we would
be sitting here with a much different
discussion and so we have to be very
careful. I give but we're not I give
Trump, but that is an equal possibility
or certainly a non-zero possibility.
Things can go sideways. You sound like
when Sam Harris was saying that imagine
if CO actually killed a lot of people
then the conversation would be
different. Well, it didn't. There was no
war here. And by the way, with dead
>> and let's hope there isn't. And let's
hope there isn't. You know, this is why
I give Trump a lot of credit. He has
been strategic. I do give you that.
>> Stick and move. Stick and move is the
game.
>> I pray that he can continue.
>> And by the way, record first of all,
even if we took Greenland, it's not
going to be a there's 30,000 people who
live there. But I think it's more likely
that we'll we'll make a deal. I think
we're going to make an offer they can't
refuse.
>> Okay. Ken Harry, shout out to our guy
Ken Harry. Maybe you can make a deal.
Let's make
>> them an offer they can't refuse.
>> Yeah. I mean, how much could it cost? I
mean, there's nothing there. [laughter]
Biggest business winner
for 2025. Uh, looks like Freeberg picked
robots and autonomous hardware. Year of
the robot. I think if you include robo
taxi there, you nailed it. Certainly
next year will be the year of optimist
uh 2027. Chimath, you said dollar
denominated stable coins. I think uh
given what we've seen with regulation,
that was spot on. Gavin, shout out to
our friend Gavin. He said big businesses
that use AI thoughtfully. Another great
one. I pick Tesla, which is at an
all-time high. And Google, which of all
of the mag seven crushed is the biggest
winner, and they did 65%. So I know both
of those we did. I think W all of us
crushed that one. Who do you have
Freeberg as your biggest business winner
prediction for 2026? Go ahead, Freeberg.
>> I couldn't decide. My number one is
Huawei, which I've mentioned in the past
out of China. I think Huawei's effort
[clears throat] to partner with SMIC to
go deeper in the chip stack and they're
just firing on all cylinders. I do think
keep an eye on Huawei over the next
year. It's um it's going to outperform
expectations, at least the western
expectations. And the second is poly
market. I think poly markets evolved
from being kind of this one-off quirky
prediction market to actually really
providing insights into current events
and the news in a way that none of us
anticipated.
>> And I do expect that after the deal we
saw with NY that all of the exchanges
and we're already seeing this with Robin
Hood and Coinbase and we should expect
something from NASDAQ this year. Dina
Friedman talked to us about this, but I
do think that prediction markets could
become not just markets but also news
and I think poly markets um just in such
a position to have a breakout year.
>> Okay, great one. Chimath, biggest
business winner for 2026 after yourself.
Who do you got?
>> Yeah, it's hard. I mean, I will pick me.
>> Yep, we already done.
>> That one's coming.
>> It's [laughter] already in the books.
>> Don't hurt your elbow. Don't hyper
extend your elbow. already in the books.
So, can't it's all downhill from here.
>> Nick, we need to use that meme of Obama
giving himself a medal. [laughter]
>> Jam is giving himself.
>> I will pick copper.
>> Okay, copper.
>> We are still
completely underestimating
how short we are in terms of the global
demand supply dynamics of a handful of
critical elements that we need. Again,
in the Trump doctrine view of the world,
that is no longer as multilateral as it
was. And we need to have unilateral
national security. And if you look
through that lens, the asset that is set
up to go absolutely parabolic is copper.
And the reason is that it is
at least as it stands today the most
useful, cheap, amendable, conductive
material that we have. That material
manifests in everything from our data
centers to our chips to our weapon
systems. It's just everywhere,
everywhere, everywhere. And right now,
Jason, we are on a path by 2040 where we
will be
short about 70% of the global supply at
current course and speed. And uh
>> I will pick copper.
>> Sax, what do you got? Biggest business
winner of 2026. Your prediction. I said
the IPO. I think 2026 is going to be a
big year for IPOs. I'm not going to say
which ones. I think there's going to be
a bunch of them, a bunch of successful
ones.
>> And I think we could see trillions of
dollars of new market cap created of
public companies.
>> Totally.
>> For a while, people were concerned that
the number of public companies were
shrinking. Public companies were
actually being taken private. This is
going to be a big reversal of that
trend. So, I think this be part of the
Trump boom will be the idea.
>> I love that one. I like that one.
>> Great one. Uh, I went with uh since I
nailed the Mag 7 for last year and
picked the highest performer with Google
and I placed a bet on that, so I'm
feeling pretty good about it. Uh, my
prediction for 2026 is that Amazon is
going to have a massive year interesting
>> as they continue to replace humans
>> with robots. That's why here's a chart
for you. I've been talking about this a
little bit. I think this is the most
important company to watch because Zuk's
their self-driving is working. They're
making great progress with it. And here
when you look at this chart, you can see
they're essentially flat in terms of
hiring humans and they're surging in
deploying robots and they did their
whole PR comm strategy of calling them
cobots and donating to toys for tots
etc. I think they'll be the first
corporate uh singularity which is to say
the first company to have more robots
driving their bottom line than humans.
So that's my prediction for 2026 is
Amazon. And I'm going to place a bet on
that.
>> My prediction is that Jayla is such a
luck box that he'll end up being right
about Amazon, but not having anything to
do [laughter] with the reason he gave.
>> Yeah, right. He'll hire a billion humans
to go do something and it'll be for a
different reason. I am a luck box. That
is true.
>> It'll just be better free cash flow and
all of a sudden more people using AWS
and Jal will be right. Well, I actually
I think the reason is if you just if you
think about it, I don't know if you guys
have had this experience, but with the
delivery business, which was kind of a
dog for a long time, obviously AWS is
crushing it, but that delivery business
here in Austin, we get everything the
same day. You're going to experience
this, David, there are because of the I
think the geography here and the ability
to have depot centers very close.
Everything you order on Amazon comes
within the same day.
>> You know, I've noticed that already.
I've already started ordering things
from Amazon. You're right. It was all
same day. I'm like, "Wait, what is going
on?"
>> That's
>> what it is is we have a lot of space 15
miles outside of the city center, 20
cent, and they built these huge um
warehouses. So, you just get everything
within 4 hours. They're like, "We'll be
right there." It's very bizarre.
>> So, Jason, you'll buy like virtues at
like 8:00 a.m. and it arrives by noon.
>> Yes. Absolutely. Absolutely. And uh when
you put your order in for ethics and
morality, it just never shows up. I
don't know. It's lost again. Who knows?
It's just incredible. We're just both
ends of the spectrum here. [laughter]
Moral. It's like, "Hello, customer
support. I ordered a moral compass 2
years ago. It still hasn't arrived."
Okay. [laughter] Biggest business loser.
>> I love each month.
>> It hid behind the 20 billion.
>> It did. [laughter]
Absolutely.
>> All I know is I got my beak wet. So, I
hope your compass never shows up.
>> You got your beak wet on that deal.
>> Well, Sundep came to Besties and he
wanted to collect all besties. We all
got to place a little bet and then
>> Oh, by the way, by the way, I devested I
devested my Gro shares as part of
joining the government back in like
February or March.
>> Oh god.
>> So,
>> oh by the way, by the way, what would
that cost you like what the last triple
up?
>> No, it was a small position that came
from Grock acquiring Sunny's old
company. We didn't invest in Gro, so it
wasn't big, but the point was
>> Yeah, it's just another example of you
sacrificing for the country, which I
give you a lot of credit for. It's good
for Sachs to put that on the record.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, it's just so ridiculous because
I'm accused of somehow doing this job
for money when it just keeps costing me
money.
>> It's negative money.
>> XAI just raised an up round at twice the
valuation from the last round and we had
to divest that too.
>> Yeah. No, no, we didn't sit it out. Hold
on. Let's be clear. We didn't sit it
out. We divested it.
>> So, you place the bet and then before
you get to collect the ticket, you lose
the last double up or triple up. The
economic cost to Sachs will probably
exceed a billion dollars by the time he
leaves.
>> Personally, this is crazy. I mean,
people need to know this. It's a very
important thing to put on the record. I
think it's important for
>> I think everybody should know. All these
dumb reporters don't get it, but Sax has
sacrificed
>> financially an enormous amount to work
on behalf of
>> the government and the people. That's
that's really amazing. It's fine. I
wouldn't even say anything about it if
it weren't for the fact that we got
these mainstream media reporters lying
and saying the opposite that somehow
this job is making me money,
>> right?
>> I wouldn't say a word about it
otherwise.
>> Business loser 2025.
>> Gavin said federal government service
providers, I guess because of Doge and
them being held to the fire uh feet to
the fire there to give us a better deal.
Old guard defense contractors like Bowen
and Lheed was yours Freedberg
and Chimath you said the Max 7 expected
a decrease in uh the record
concentration. I said open EI which
would see a peak valuation and obviously
I got that wrong. What do you got this
year Freeberg? Who do you think is going
to be the biggest business loser of this
year? To follow up on Chimath and my
conversation at the Christmas dinner, I
think these state governments are going
to have a real problem with finding
financing because what's going on with
the exposees that are underway on waste,
fraud, and abuse in state agencies, I
think, is going to lead to a
conversation that's going to cause folks
to question the long-term solveny in
operations because the response won't
be, hey, let's cut out the waste, fraud,
and the abuse. the response is going to
be we got to keep it going and that is
what is going to give people fear is
that if they did respond call it
equivocally to the discoveries that the
governments did then I think that
there's an opportunity to continue to be
able to borrow and access capital
markets but I do worry a lot about state
governments um borrowing. I think the
other thing that's going to hit the the
fan this year in state governments is
all of these um unrealized pension
liabilities. I think when these numbers
start to come out this year and a lot of
people are now digging deep into it,
folks are going to wake up and be like,
"Holy, there's a ginormous hole in these
states and their obligations."
>> And why does the government have to do
these pensions? Why can't we do
superanuation like Australia does? We
have to get this out of the I love that
pick.
>> That's called a defined contribution
instead of a defined benefit. And if you
get this defined contribution model and
then just have good management, it all
works out. So this is basically the
problem with social security. Social
Security is a defined benefit and then
all the money just doesn't sit anywhere.
It doesn't exist.
>> If it was a defined contribution,
>> it's just a liability.
>> And let me let me give a shout out. If
it was a defined contribution like
Invest America accounts or Trump
accounts as they're being called, and
you put the money in and you see how
much you have and every year you track
it and that's what your retirement is
going to be, just like we might have
with our 401ks or our IARS, that is a
system that actually has true solveny.
Otherwise, it becomes this runaway train
of liability. And that's effectively
what the states have set up. And it's
very dangerous.
>> And if we were to take government out of
it and then every American just had to
put 10, 12, 14% into their retirement
account and it was forced, you'd have
happy people who feel some agency in
their lives, which the people of
Australia do. Chimath, who's your loser
2026?
I will pick the software industrial
complex. So these are the companies that
sell licensed SAS to the corporations of
America. It's about a3 to4 trillion a
year economy. That is separated into
three buckets. Bucket one which is the
smallest is the initial licensing.
That's probably 5 to 10%. Buckets two
and three where all the money is made is
what's called maintenance and migration
which is how do I just maintain this big
bulky license that I just bought for
$300 million as an example
>> or how do I migrate it from product A to
product B.
Those last two buckets represent 90% of
all the dollars in revenue that's
generated in software. And because of
the advancement of these models and the
advancement of these technological
techniques that we are all uncovering,
building agents, building systems, I
think you're going to see that total
economic opportunity shrink and contract
aggressively.
The companies will still be able to do
their business. It'll just be at a much
much lower incremental revenue. the
customers will be able to do their
business. They'll have a lot more
flexibility and a lot of upstarts I
think will have opportunity. I'm
speaking my book obviously, but I'm
seeing it on the ground with you have a
company building software.
>> Our entire business 8090s business has
basically migrated to disrupting
maintenance and migration patterns. I
cannot describe how much opportunity
there is. It's very tactical, mundane,
not very sexy work, but it's incredibly
lucrative. And so I expect that that
thing is going to shrink. It's going to
impact SAS companies, public SAS
companies particularly quite severely in
20.
>> What do you got facts for your biggest
business loser of 2026 prediction?
>> For me, we already talked about this,
but it was California because of the
wealth tax and also the ownorous
regulations driving business and capital
out of the state. I hope you guys are
right that it does not make the ballot.
If it does, I think there will be a
panic and rush for the exits.
Regardless, there's two major refineries
closing by the spring. Higher gas prices
will be the result. I just think that
the politicians are not doing a good
enough job in California dispelling the
fears and the [clears throat] actual
hostility of the business environment.
>> That's a great one. And I went with
young white collar workers in America. I
think they're going to be the biggest
business loser. I think it's getting
really hard for them to get entry level
uh jobs. I'm seeing that all over the
place because companies are having an
easier job uh just automating with AI
than training up Gen Z graduates. That's
my belief. That's why I'm launched
founder university on three continents.
If you are a young person, you got to be
resilient. You're going to have to be
self-reliant independent of what Mandami
Mandami says about collectivism. It's
easier to use AI than it is to train up
and we don't have professional
development. That needs to come back. I
just did an interview with the CEO of
McKenzie, which you may have seen on the
feed. And this is the big challenge in
corporate America is they're taking out
the bottom two or three rungs and
automating stuff. And we really need to
develop young people so that they have a
path to take the CEO jobs eventually.
And I don't think they're going to have
an easy time doing that. That's why I
think all young people should start
companies. I am talking my own book. I
am talking about founder.university.
Please apply Japan, Saudi, and in
America. We're going to help you build
companies. Thank you for my promo,
>> Jason. I got a text last night from a
friend and it's in response to your
comment about young people not being
able to find jobs because of AI, which
is the statement you've made a couple
times. He said went to a roundabout of
50 CEOs of public and private companies
and asked everyone if they're hiring
junior engineers. Everyone said they are
still, but not as much as before because
during co every college lowered the bar
on admissions and the talent just isn't
as good anymore. My friend went on and
he said, 'You should talk about this to
counter Jal's point about AI taking
young people's jobs. We see this with
financial analysts and we see this with
sales people we hire. The Gen Z kids are
all really challenging to hire because
of cultural issues, not because we're
not hiring them due to AI. So, we try
and hire older people primarily to to
fill those roles. So, there's a real
interesting point that he was making. I
texted a couple of their friends to ask
them their opinion and I've heard this
concurrence shout out which is like a
lot of people think that recent grads
out of college and this may be a co era
phenomenon they just don't seem to have
the temperament the motivation the
organizational skills
>> executive function yeah
>> executive function and by the way some
of our friends who I've talked to who
have kids graduating college there's
even a conversation about none of these
kids are motivated to get jobs or to
make money there's a very weird
phenomenon in the youth right now and
this may be a COVID phenomenon and it
may be a cultural thing that's part of
the long form of what's going on in our
society or it may be a socialist trend
or it may be a populist trend or it may
just be that people have gotten too
wealthy and the nation has truly split
and you can't climb the ladder anymore.
There's a bunch of things going on here,
but I do not think, and I think a lot of
people are echoing this, Jal, that
challenges that young people are having
finding employment is purely rooted in
in an AI and automation phenomenon, but
it may be a cultural phenomenon. And so,
I just put that on the plate for you to
consider that I don't I do think it's
both. I do think it is partially what
you're saying is that maybe these young
folks um have, you know, they're just
either entitled or their parents have
enough money for them to skate and go
sideways and maybe not be as career
motivated. It could be a social thing,
it could be a co thing, it could be all
of those and certainly multiffactor. I
just know what I see on the ground which
is you know so many companies coming to
me saying we can replace the bottom
third of these tasks and that those
bottom third of tasks are typically done
by young people out of school. So I
think both things are probably true to a
certain extent and time will tell. I do
think it's going to be challenging and
continue to be challenging and you see
that in the numbers from you know
Google, Uber, Coinbase, all these
companies are doing more with less and
and maybe that's just the nature of AI.
Maybe the first thing you do is cut
costs. And maybe the second thing you do
is hire people who know how to use these
tools. If you are a young person who
uses AI tools, you're going to find a
job. If you're a young person who isn't
motivated and doesn't use AI tools,
you're going to have a hard time. Let's
go with the biggest deal. Last year's
predictions for biggest deal for 2025,
traditional auto OEM consolidation. That
was you, Chimoth. I think that we
haven't seen exactly the consolidation,
but we have seen those businesses come
apart. So I think it's I give you
definitely twothirds of a credit there.
Uh Gavin said a title wave of M&A. I
think he's not wrong there. That has
started to happen certainly. Freeberg
you said massive compute buildout deals.
Of course you nailed that one. I said
consolidation amongst the on demand
economy. That hasn't happened but we do
see a lot of deals occurring. And I said
also Apple would buy Warner Brothers. I
got that like a I guess uh that wound up
going to Netflix. So I give myself a
half point for that. What do you have as
your biggest deal for 2026, David Saxs?
>> Well, I don't want to get prediction I
don't want to get too specific here in
terms of names of companies and that
sort of thing,
>> but uh what I would say is that I think
there was a breakthrough in the last
couple of months in terms of these
coding assistants where they've been
around for a while, but there seems to
have been another level of quality
achieved just in the last month or so.
And you're really starting to hear I
mean maybe a lot of it is hype but there
is I think a lot of people are getting
very excited about the potential here
and part of it is coding part of it is
just tool use. You can download the
programs and so it has access to your
file drive and it can take actions on
your computer. This trend feels to me
like chat bots did at the end of 2022
going into 23 where it's like people
were really hyped about it but then
continue to play out play out in the
next year and so I think these this call
coding assistance/tool use I think will
get bigger and bigger this year.
>> Freeberg what do you got biggest deal?
>> Uh Russia Ukraine I think it's going to
settle out this year. I think there's a
lot of motivating factors to get it
settled out this year. Economic and
other political factors, but I do think
it's going to settle out this year and
it's going to bring a bit more stability
to that region. And there's a whole
reset that's underway this year. I think
in terms of geopolitics and where the
powers all sit,
>> Trump can stop that war, he would be two
for two. That would be I think this
one's going to settle.
>> That would be that would be great. He
may not have done it on day one, but if
he gets it done in in, you know, year
two, that's good enough for me. Chimal
biggest deal 2026. What do you got?
>> It's not a specific deal, but it's an
approach. I think that M&A cannot
happen. And so it's the IP license M&A
workaround. And I think you're going to
see hundreds of billions of dollars of
these kinds of deals. So this is the
deal that Google did with Character AI.
It's the same thing that they did.
>> Microsoft did it. Yeah,
>> Microsoft did it. It's obviously what
Nvidia did with Grock. Why are these
deals happening? Well, if you just look
at what Facebook tried to do, they tried
to buy Manis for $2.5 billion. Manis was
a Chinese company that then left China
and essentially rebuilt itself as a
Singaporean business. The Chinese have
now said, "We're going to look at this."
They are going to actively import export
controls. They're going to actively look
at which technologies and even which
researchers are working on things that
are critical enough that it just can't
go abroad in this existential fight that
they believe they're in with the United
States. The United States is in
equivalent such position. All of this
leads me to believe that traditional M&A
is effectively dead. I think it's going
to be impossible to get a large
transaction done. So how will you do it?
You'll do what Sundar did. You'll do
what Satya did. You'll do what Jensen
did. You'll do what we did with Scale
AI. These huge licensing deals that
basically replace M&A. And I think that
that as a deal type will get better and
more refined and tighter and better
executed. We were the third or fourth of
these kinds of deals and even the third
or fourth iteration
was quite good.
By the time that you're into the middle
part of next year and you've done 15 or
20 of these things, I think the lawyers
that work on these things and the
accountants will just be bull. The tax
treatment is not ideal but the speed at
which you can do them is phenomenal
because the next day somebody like
Sundep can be working for Jensen which
is what Jensen wants. They want the
talent. Zuckerberg wants the talent
working there the next day
>> and the IP
>> and the IP of course. Um you know for
2026 I think we're going to see some
massive M&A. It doesn't matter to me how
it occurs but I do think we're going to
see a 50 billion plus deal. And I think
it could be uh one of the Mag 7, an
Apple, a Meta, a Microsoft or an Amazon
going out and trying to buy XAI, Mistro,
Perplexity, Anthropic. One of those four
comes to mind. I know most of them
probably want to go public and uh go it
alone, but I think an offer could come
in and during that race for which six or
seven large language models and man it
is a it is a battle where they are
moving up and down the rankings and
beating each other out, you know, on
your question
>> and I think one of them is going to I
think one of them is going to go for it.
I I I think it could wind up being
Apple.
>> I met Meta or Amazon who buys an
anthropic or a perplexity. I started
where you were, but this is why I went
to this deal type as the biggest
business winner because if any of those
companies tried to buy, let's just say
anthropic, I think it's three years of
antitrust minimum. It's worse than when
Microsoft tried to buy Activision
because that was a niche product
and even that took almost 2 years and
like three or four months if I'm getting
it right. It or about two years. It's a
huge slog because it's a it's about
global coordination of multiple
regulators.
>> Yeah.
>> And get through the EU and eventually
one of them takes the lead pole
position. But in the Microsoft case, it
wasn't just one. You had to navigate
China. You had to navigate
>> Europe. So I I agree with you because I
think there's companies with so much
cash on their balance sheets that are
effectively getting debased every day.
the markets will start to punish these
companies. It just seems like you're
right. There's going to be a hundred
billion dollar transaction. I just
suspect it'll end up as an IP license.
>> Yeah. And I think President Trump, one
of his great strengths is that he moves
quickly. Man, what a first year. Whether
you like the decisions or not, he he
makes decisions. I think this is one of
the things that Democrats are learning
is that you got to actually get things
done for the American people. I think he
might instruct our government to let M&A
be great again and that would be great
for American exceptionalism. These
companies do need to merge and to
continue to grow and we should go try to
get from a MAG 7 to a MAG 17. We need
more bigger companies with bigger
footprints taking on global markets.
Most contrarian belief most contrarian
belief. People like this one. I said
openAI loses its lead in the AI race. Uh
and in fact that has happened if you
look at the um arenas and you look at
their market share they are being
challenged. Chimath you said the banking
crisis in one of the major mainline
banks. Gavin said one year of 5% plus
GDP growth at one point over the next
couple of years. Well done to Gavin
Freeberg you said socialism roars back.
Another amazing prediction. What's your
prediction for this year since you
crushed it last year? Freeberg. Go
ahead.
My prediction is based on the premise
that I think there is going to be this
revolution in Iran and the Ayatollas are
going to be out. That's not the
contrarian belief. I think that's the
standard belief and I think that is
going to happen and that's the premise.
But a lot of people think that Iran is
part of the destabilizing force in the
Middle East. And I do think that there
is already in anticipation of the
turnover with the ruling parties in
Iran. there is already this brewing
conflict amongst the other Arab states.
So I think that between UAE, Saudi,
Qatar and this fraction in Yemen and
then I don't know if you guys have
followed but there's this kind of
emerging independence movement for
Somali land which is kind of north of
Somalia
that there may be more conflict brewing
in the Middle East than anyone
anticipates for this year that will not
necessarily involve Israel and or Iran.
it will actually be amongst the other
Gulf states as they v for influence and
power and that the contrarian point may
in fact be that Iran has been a
stabilizing force in that region and by
removing Iran and by changing over Iran
and they become this kind of independent
democratic state and this particularly
is going to be heightened as there's
going to be this battle for who's going
to take care of the Palestinians as the
two-state solution emerges and what's
the role that Jordan's going to have to
play versus Egypt versus Saudi and it's
going to lead to a lot of questions
about resource allocation. So, I think
that this year could end up being a
little bit nastier than folks anticipate
in the Middle East as Iran turns over.
>> Sax got a contrarian belief for 2026.
>> Yes, I said that AI will increase demand
for knowledge workers, not decrease it.
I would refer you to Erin Levy's post
called Jevans paradox for knowledge
workers. And the point of Jevans paradox
is that as the cost of a resource goes
down, the aggregate demand for it
actually increases because you discover
more and more use cases. So I think this
will certainly happen with code. In the
past has been very expensive to generate
code. You have to hire engineers.
There's not enough of them. It's an
expensive resource. So the amount of
software generated in the economy was
limited by that. I think it's going to
increase massively now because the cost
of generating code is coming down. so
much. But there's other examples too.
You take a field like radiology that's
frequently cited as a profession that AI
is going to put out of business. That's
not what the data shows. The data shows
that the number of radiologists is
increasing. Why? Because the number of
scans that people want to make is
increasing. And it's true that AI can do
some of the work, but you still need a
doctor to prompt the AI to interpret the
AI to validate it. So you get more
efficient. The cost of scans goes down.
And instead of it being a super
specialtity that happens very rarely
that you need like a referral on top of
a referral to get it becomes something
that's normalized and everyone starts
doing it and you start getting more and
more scans that leads to better and
better outcomes. So I think there's
going to be a lot of those examples
through the economy and we're going to
look back and see that the job loss
narrative was not only wrong but we
actually got job gains.
>> Okay. Okay. And for those of you who
want to understand Jeb's paradox a
little more, you can look at something
like electricity or steel or concrete.
When we lowered the cost of those
things, people didn't use less of it.
They built skyscrapers and we had more
routes for more airplanes to take you on
more vacations. And that went from being
something only rich people did to
everybody. So Jeban's paradox is
definitely at work. What do you got? Uh
Chimath, which what's on your uh
contrarian belief?
>> Gosh, I have two. Well, I'll give you
them both and you can just see. My
contrarian belief number one is I don't
think SpaceX will IPO. I think that it
will reverse merge into Tesla and I
think Elon will use it as a moment to
consolidate control and power of his two
seminal assets into one cap table.
>> Oh my god, I love that. Wow.
>> Well, he's talked about that before.
He's talked about having a holding
company for years of all of the
collection. You could put Neural Link in
there too, right Jim? You could put in
the Boring Company as well.
>> Sure. I'm just giving you my contrarian
take. there will be no IPO for SpaceX. I
think it will just be it specifically
will be a reverse merger.
>> There you go.
>> The second contrarian take is that
>> I think the central banks
will realize
that there are limitations to gold and
limitations to Bitcoin
and will as a result seek out a
completely new cryptographic paradigm
that they can control on their balance
sheet. that is fungeable, that is
tradable and that is completely secure
and private.
And I think the reason why that privacy
needs to exist
is that for the sovereignty of a
country, you need to be in a position
where you have assets that are not
easily disclosed
to anybody else, friends or enemies
alike. And then separately,
cryptographically, if you're going to
own a currency,
you need to hedge against the eventual
risk in the next 5 to 10 years that
there's a quantum chip that can
challenge the existing cryptographic
schemes that are used. And uh for my
contrarian, I was thinking about going
with OpenAI losing their lead and not
being the number one company again. uh
because I do think that will be the
trend that they will have the they'll
continue to give up their market share
to other players including Google and
Gemini and XAI etc. But I'm going to go
with a a pretty wild card here. I think
the standoff with China is going to be
largely resolved and I think President
Trump's when he makes his visit there. I
don't know if you're going to go on that
one sax but I think he should be
included in it obviously because of the
AI race. I do think that the standoff um
and the issues around Taiwan are going
to be resolved and I think this could be
the signature issue of Trump's second
term is that we work out a working
relationship where both China and
America win without one of us losing.
Best performing asset best performing
asset last year's prediction I said MAG
7 which was up 22% versus the S&P 500 at
plus 17. Chimathy were long CDS for a
potential run on a major bank. You said
it was a long shot. Gavin said high
bandwidth memory makers like Micron
which was up 230%.
That was a great call. And Freeberg, you
said Chinese tech stocks and ETFs Alibab
is up 85%. Chinese tech ETF up 47%
versus the S&P 500 at plus 17. So I
guess that means Gavin Freedberg and
then myself.
What do you got for this year's best
performing asset? Freedberg.
>> Poly market. Poly markets on a tear.
Network effects. Replacing media
replacing markets.
>> Congrats to our friend Shane. A poly
market.
>> Do you have a best performing asset for
2026? Go ahead, Shima.
>> I would pick a basket of critical
metals.
>> Okay. Basket of critical uh metals. What
do you got, Zach?
>> It's getting a little bit redundant for
me, but I just said the expanding super
cycle in tech. I mean, again, this is
just another facet of the boom. But
actually, let me just show you some data
that literally just came out. I feel
like this is breaking news.
>> Oh, breaking news.
>> Nick, can you pull this up? US
productivity just surged 4.9%, the
strongest reading in nearly 6 years. And
this is the news item,
>> is that the Atlanta Fed, their forecast
for Q4 GDP just climbed to 5.4%.
Can that be right?
>> Yes.
>> Can we get a fact check on that? Five to
six is I think where we're going to see
it, guys. We're going to see some sixes
get printed.
>> I mean,
>> January 8th, 2026, Atlanta Fed's GDP now
model estimate for real GDP growth in
the fourth quarter of 2025 is 5.4%
significant jump from the previous
estimate of 2.7% on January 5th.
>> You have to remember that there's going
to be 150 basis point correction in Q4
GDP because of the government furlow.
Okay? So let's say that GDP was probably
call it four. You're going to see a
print of 2 and a half. So you need to
readjust that because now all the
government workers are back. They're
recounted in GDP. If you look through
2026,
there's a handful of things that I think
people do not understand. Well, number
one, all of non-farm payrolls has been
completely reset and rebased. And the
reason why is because of immigration. So
what used to be a 100 to 150 number
print is now a 40 to 50 number print.
Why is that important? Because when you
look through earnings and you look at
the lower 25%
quartiles of earnings growth, they're
off the charts. There's all of these
anecdotal examples now of earnings just
exceeding expectations. There was an
article in the front page of the Wall
Street Journal yesterday about Ford
trying to pay mechanics $160,000 a year
and having 5,000 openings. So to Sax's
point, we are a coiled spring. Closing
the border plus adding productivity
lifts through AI and other things have
created a growth dynamic in the United
States that will really start to show
itself in 26. So I think that you should
be not short the US economy here. It is
ready to rip and uh adding to all that
and just giving my pick. I think if we
are in a rate cut environment and the
tailwinds keep happening and people have
a little bit of cash laying around. My
pick for best performing asset will be
the Robin Hood poly market prize picks
gambling wagering uh space because
people will be able to have a little
cash around to make some bets. You can
put Coinbase in there too. I guess
>> by the way the coralary to what we just
talked about if you see five and a half
and six and a half prints and these
employment numbers a lot of this
affordability stuff may be not as
accurate as we think it is. Everybody
right now is trying to figure out, okay,
well, where are the pockets of
unaffordability? And there are clearly
some, but those are narrow and they can
be fixed, but on a broad-based basis,
what Sax says is right. You have this
combination of earnings growth,
productivity growth,
and now this overlay where you have
these tax cuts that are going to hit in
26. My gosh, I mean, asset prices in
general, I think, will do well. Now
you'll also see potentially home prices
correct because if the president is
successful in making sure Blackstone
can't buy houses but on the other side
people are earning more and they can
enter with interest rates that are now
100 to 150 basis points lower. You'll
see a boom in housing
where it's not the corporations that are
buying the houses but individuals.
There's a lot of variables here that can
that can break in America's favor. This
is why I think 6% is not unrealistic
which would be absolutely nuts. Okay,
let's move on to the worst performing
asset. Last year's predictions for worst
performing asset of 2025, I said legacy
car companies and real estate. Both of
those turned out to be correct. Chimath,
you said enterprise SAS and the software
industrial industrial complex. Again,
that uh looked correct as well. Gavin
said enterprise SAS and Freeberg, you
said vertical SAS. So, we had three SAS
and I had legacy car companies real
estate.
>> Let me give you check out.
>> Yeah, let me just give you some numbers
on that to show you. Service Now down
30%, Workday down 18%, Docu Sign down
23%, Dropbox down 9% and Box down 6%
while the S&P was up 17%. I think it's
worth highlighting like it was a
challenging year for this enterprise
asset. There's
>> especially with the per seat pricing as
opposed to consumptionbased pricing. If
you have a static number of employees or
less employees like many of these
companies do, there's just less seats to
sell. So their whole growth was based on
land and expand. You land the client and
then you expand the client because
they're adding staff. If you're not
adding staff, you can't uh you know, you
don't have more people using Salesforce.
Okay. So, let's talk about our worst
performing asset predictions for 2026.
Who do you got? Sachs. Worst performing
asset of 2026.
>> Well, I just said California luxury real
estate because of the overhang of the
wealth tax and all the things we're
talking [laughter] about.
>> Yeah, that one hits close to home, I
think.
>> Now, yes, it does. Actually, what I'm
hoping for is a dead cat bounce. If you
guys are right that the ballot
initiative fails,
>> then the overhang will be lifted and
maybe I can
>> clear some real estate.
>> Clear some [laughter]
>> It's not easy being It's not easy being
right sometimes.
>> Yeah.
>> Fre, what do you got?
>> What What like what what's your discount
price on that asset right now? I mean,
like I might make a bid, you know, if
you give me a
>> give me a good clearance. got $100
million laying around.
>> Yeah, I'm not paying 100. [laughter]
>> Okay, here we go. Bestie negotiations
occur.
>> All right. Um,
>> give them the bestie price. The buy it
now. Bestie price. What's the buy?
>> No, no, no. Okay. By the way, you know,
San Francisco has that insane luxury tax
which they have in LA, too. You got to
pay 5% on any piece of real estate over
>> 25% in San Francisco. Do you know that?
>> Which makes it even harder for these
high-end places to trade. So wait,
you're saying if I if I bought Sax's
house for 100, I'd have to spend
>> Oh, he has to pay 6%.
>> 6%.
>> You got to pay your broker 6%. I mean,
they're just basically freezing the
market.
>> Okay. Not the buyer.
>> Well,
>> you can negotiate who pays.
>> The 5%, you know, quote unquote mansion
tax has just killed LA real estate. You
talk to brokers down there cuz people
used to flip houses a lot more. Now you
just can't afford to do that.
>> unintended consequences, folks. really
bad for the
>> Wait, you're telling me taxes slow down
transaction volume and reduce the growth
of the economy? [laughter] That's crazy.
I had no idea, Zach. You should write
that down. We should do a whole thing on
that.
>> Yeah, maybe we should write. I had no
idea.
>> Yeah. Somebody make a note.
>> Yeah.
>> So, worst performing asset, Chimoth,
what do you think? Worst performing
asset.
>> I won't say the worst performing, but I
think a very poor performing asset will
be hydrocarbons. I just think that the
trend in oil is inexurable and it's down
and the reason it's down is irrespective
of your thoughts on
climate change the trends on
electrification and energy storage
are just unstoppable.
>> And so what that does is it shrinks the
surface area of where oil is useful.
It's not like a cataclysmic thing, but
it's sort of a melting iceberg where
does it see $65 or $45? And I would say
on on a per barrel basis, and I think
it's more likely to see 45 than 65.
>> Okay. I went with the US dollar in
different permutations of how you can
buy it because our debt continues to
grow unabated. and you know
>> the defacement trade JCAL JCAL owning
the
>> I just think it's going to be hard for
you know the the USD because we're
talking about we've been adding I think
we're going to add two trillion in debt
this year and then if we're increasing
and again I I know Trump says President
Trump says a lot of things but if we're
increasing the military budget by 50% uh
that means uh that's going to be
straight to our debt line so it's going
to be harder and harder for the dollar
doesn't mean that America's not going to
do great but the value of the American
dollar is going to be challenged which
we see in people moving to gold and
silver and perhaps copper. Okay. If you
could give us your worst performing
asset of 2026, David,
>> it would be Netflix if they don't close
the Warner Brother deal. I do think
Netflix's service is being challenged
from all sides with deep content
libraries. And I think we're seeing a
great commoditization happening. I've
also heard directly from folks in
Hollywood, the creators of new content,
that people would prefer not to work
with Netflix. They only uh pay creators
cost plus 10% now. And so as a creator,
you're actually better off not doing
deals with Netflix anymore. So their
content library is going to shrink
because of the natural economic forces
underway. Alternative, if they do close
on Warner Brothers, I think they've got
some good runway in terms of that
content library and they'll be fine. And
in that case, my worst performing asset
would be traditional media stocks. And I
do think that they're going to
underperform. There's just such an
incredible
variety of high-quality content that's
emerging from independent creators that
are leveraging their own distribution
platforms through YouTube and others.
And I think that um traditional media is
going to continue to be deeply
challenged as we've seen for example
just in the news segment with the rise
of citizen journalism. So that's the
that's what I would kind of
>> Yeah. And you know the the Netflix
observation I think is was well founded
because they're also in terms of
expanding their library. They just did a
deal with Bill Simmons, I see, and with
um
Bar Stool Sports to move over their
sports shows, podcasts, video shows from
YouTube, and they're going to take them
off YouTube and put them on Netflix
exclusively. So, that's a really
interesting trend as well to keep an eye
on. Okay. By the way, before we move off
asset, just on best performing asset,
there's one category we didn't talk
about, but I think it's kind of
interesting, which is the category of
assets that qualify for accelerated
depreciation capital equipment.
>> Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.
>> That includes things like planes, so
forth. There's now 100% accelerated
depreciation for certain kinds of
capital equipment because of the big
beautiful bill. And, you know, it kind
of goes along with some of the tax cuts
that we talked about, but man, that is
making those markets super hot right
now.
>> Absolutely. Yeah. Try buying a plane
these days. It's very difficult.
>> No, Jason. It's not planes. It's like
Caterpillar.
>> No, no, it's tractors. It Yeah, it's
generators. It's seaman. This is why
seaman stock is through the roof. All of
this capital equipment, you get to write
it off 100% year one. It's creating a
massive infrastructure build out in the
US. So,
>> absolutely,
>> there's some companies that are huge
beneficiaries of this obviously because
they're the sellers of the capital
equipment. And of course, this is one of
the reasons GDP is going up is people
are actually investing in business
again. Okay. Most anticipated trend.
>> By the way, this is the correlary of the
statement that if you reduce taxes, the
economy grows. So,
>> there we go.
>> Yeah.
>> Most anticipated trend of 2025. I said
the wrath of Lena ending and M&A and
IPOs being back. I get some credit
there. Chimath, you said the end of the
deep state. I think you get a lot of
credit there. Gavin said, "AI makes more
progress per quarter in 2025 than it did
in 2023." That's a great one. Free, you
said the nuclear power buildout. I think
you get some credit there, too. Yeah.
>> Not sure. Not sure. We got some work to
do there. Massive massively short
nuclear.
>> You're still short nuclear, but I know
the guy Howard Lutnik talked to him.
>> I talked to Howard Lutnik as well.
>> He said he's all in on nuclear.
>> Free, can I tell you why I'm short
nuclear? I think that we're in the very
delicate part of the cycle where they've
missed the window. So by the time that
they deliver
working SMRs at scale,
>> the problem is that the marginal cost of
electricity will effectively be zero and
it'll have gone to zero because of a
combination of solar and storage as well
as coal and oil. And so it's just in a
very delicate place where the large form
factor nuclear reactors make zero
economic sense by 2032 or 2035 which is
when through the Byzantine permitting
and building they get it done and then
the SMRs by the time that they get it
done they may not be able to meet the
market either. So I think it's a very
complicated moment for nuclear actually
not scientifically economically just
does not hang together mathematically. I
think that's if you assume um no shift
in the demand curve and I think that
like if you if you look at China going
to 8 terowatts of production and by 2040
or whatever it is
and we're sitting at one and we're not
moving we are going to have a big catch
up to do and the question is can we
really build out two 3 terowatts of
electricity generation how are we going
to build out 2 to three terowatts of
electricity generation the amount of
land that you would need with solar and
what's it going to take to get all of
that installed and so on. And by the
way, there's a lot of the stuff in
China, if you look at all the big solar
buildouts that they did where they're
ripping it up now. This is a longer
conversation, but I really do question
whether we can pin everything on solar.
It's going to be a mix of stuff. And so
your point may be right that in the near
term to meet the current kind of demand
curve, nuclear is going to be
economically challenged, but at some
point here, there's an inflection that
we have to meet.
>> So what's your most anticipated trend of
2026? Swedenberg,
>> Iran becoming an independent democratic
state. I think I'm just speaking
generally anticipated. I think a lot of
people are anticipating that that's
going to happen this year. There's an
uprising in the streets. There is a
weakening of the Ayatollas and there
seems to be a moment underway
>> and the demographics are destiny.
There's a lot of young people in Iran
and they do not want to live under the
current rule. They want to be free.
>> But there is a major economic problem in
Iran in terms of affordability. You
think we have an issue of affordability
in the US. In Iran, it's very hard for
people just to buy their basic
necessities, basic needs to the majority
of people. So that that's why they are
taking to the street. There's a real
economic crisis underway that is
motivating this turnover. Every year,
everyone like anticipates some big
change in the Middle East. But this
could be the biggest rewriting of the
Middle East in a long time.
>> Okay, Sax, what do you got
>> for category?
>> Most anticipated trend of 2026. What do
you got, Sax? I said auditing government
spending at all levels.
>> That's a good one. That's a good one.
>> Decentralized Doge.
>> Love.
>> Yes.
>> Let a thousand Nick Shirley's bloom.
>> Love.
>> Let's do it. Audit everything.
>> Audit everything. We need to normalize
independent audits across the board.
>> Whistleblowers. Let's go.
>> It is not acceptable for Gavin Newsome,
for example, to prohibit audits as he
did with homeless spending. All
government spending needs to be opened
up and audited by the public. We need
people to see where it's going.
And that that's just got to happen.
>> The Pentagon, when's the Pentagon's when
are they going to pass an audit, right?
I mean, that's one of our biggest line
items. Let's get them to be audited.
Hey, there's something President Trump
could do.
>> They're actually at least trying.
>> They're at least failing the audit.
>> They're at least failing the
>> Gavin N's prohibiting the audit.
>> Start where you're prohibiting them
first. How about that?
>> Yeah. I mean, just audit everything, I
think, would be I love it. What do you
got, Jim? I have a correlary to
Freebergs which is I think it's the
expansion of this Trump doctrine
independent of your politics. If you are
an economic actor, you own a business,
you invest in the stock market, whatever
it is, you speculate cryptocurrencies,
you must understand the movements on the
chessboard in 2026. The best framework
that I have used to organize myself is
this idea of unilateralism, economic
resilience. It's just a ginormous trend
and I think the output of it is going to
be massive GDP prints on top of
everything else.
>> Yeah. And I think I'm going to stick
with my last year's prediction going
into 2026 again. The wrath of Lena
ending. We saw the M&A train start with
Grock obviously uh Netflix and Warner
Brothers, Google and Whiz. So many deals
are ready to be done and they're
starting to pop off in M&A. uh we can
debate what structure they are and and
regulators etc. but they're happening
but I'll go with IPOs coming back right
now. You've got to anticipate one of the
following two will file. SpaceX, Andro,
Stripe, Anthropic, and OpenAI. I think
two of those file and it is going to be
gang busters. The public wants these
shares. They're buying them in the
secondary markets. We have half as many
publicly traded companies. the public
would like to participate and this is
something Trump can uniquely do that the
Democrats were trying to stop and slow
down which was M&A and IPOs. I think
this will be the year of the mega IPO
and it's going to be very exciting for
Silicon Valley. It's going to be very
exciting for the employees at these
companies and for the pension funds and
the endowments that own shares in these
companies. They're going to be able to
take that money and put it to good use
hopefully. So, SpaceX, Andrew, Stripe,
Anthropic, OpenAI, those are on the
short list obviously of ones that could
go public this year. All right, a fun
one we like to do is the most
anticipated media. That's a fun one. You
know, what are you looking forward to in
2026? Last year I said Superman and
Andor season 2. Turns out Superman did
great. Andor did amazing. It's the best
TV show of the 21st century. I think
Chimathu said, uh, enormity of the files
that will be declassified. Epstein
Files. Halfway there. JFK Files. We
haven't seen those. Gavin said 1923
season two. I don't even know what that
is, but Okay.
>> Taylor. That's a Taylor show.
>> Oh, that's the Taylor one. Yeah. Yeah.
You watching Land Man? Land man's pretty
great. Um Freeberg, you said AI video
games.
>> What do you got this year,
>> Freeberg? You you love the media. You're
you're a cinnophile.
>> What are you looking forward to in media
in 2026? This isn't as much as what I'm
looking forward to, but I do think the
big trend in media is going to be the
citizen journalism doing exposees. I
think that we're just at the beginning
of the expose
man on the street.
>> Man on the street pushing stuff, getting
cameras in people's faces. The work of
journalism has been decentralized
and I think there's going to be so much
more that's going to be kind of shared
and uncovered this year.
>> Okay. Do you have one? Uh,
>> and by the way, the the difference I
would say in terms of what Nick Shirley
is doing and what we've seen maybe in
the past, but it's going to be the new
trend is much of the citizen journalism
in the past has been to some degree a
little bit more passive. It's sort of
like, hey, I caught this thing and I
observed it. But now there are people
that are going to actively take a camera
and say, "Hey, I'm going to go discover
this thing. I'm going to go deep on it."
And that's what I think we're going to
see happen in a big way this year.
>> Well, and there's a monetization path.
You have Substack where people can give
donations, GoFundMes and uh on top of
that YouTube allowing you and X allowing
you to share revenue on this particular
category which they previously did and
as Nick Shirley pointed out means there
is a path to profitability there get
more clicks get more views you make more
money and then you can reinvest it. So I
think I like your choice a lot Chimath
you have something you're anticipating
>> exact same thing as Freebrook I'll just
double down in
>> Okay. And what about you Sax? You got
something you want to double down on?
investigative journalism.
>> No, I thought we were talking about
entertainment here.
>> Well, yeah, I thought I It's okay. These
guys went these guys zigged where we
zagged. But
>> one of my weird like things that I watch
on Tik Tok that I got stuck on and Tik
Tok just keeps showing me them is these
auditing videos. Have you guys ever seen
these first first amendment auditors?
So, these are people who take a camera,
they stand on the street, and they just
point the camera into someone's store or
into a bank's window, and they just film
the people in the bank.
>> And then they wind up spraying each
other. [laughter]
>> There's always people that come out.
They're like, "You can't do that. You're
not allowed to do that." They're like,
"Okay, I think I would like you to
leave. I don't want to talk to you." And
they just do this and they instigate
people to call the police. And what
they're doing is they're auditing
whether the police understand First
Amendment rights. And then how the
police react is basically the end of the
video. Sometimes the police are like,
"You can't do that." And they're like,
"Yes, I can call a supervisor." And then
they teach the police officer that
you're allowed to stand in public places
and film. Otherwise, they're just like,
"Hey." They go to the business owner and
they tell the business owner, "This
guy's allowed to do this. Leave him
alone." I don't know why, but these
videos are so entertaining.
[laughter]
>> Well, there's tension. There's a lot of
tension there. And there's something
freedom of speech, which is the first
amendment for a reason. stoner. The
stoner comes out sometimes tries to
physically confront the guy, but then
you'll have like a woman walking with
her like 2-year-old child and then
she'll get into it and she'll be like,
"Hey,
>> exactly.
>> Don't violate his constitutional rights.
[laughter] He's allowed to be." That's
the best. That's the best.
>> It's so good. You never know what's
going to happen. Each one of them is
like a whole new adventure. I don't know
why it's such an interesting form of
content. I like love watching it.
>> It's a uniquely American phenomenon to
>> Yeah. um establish your freedom, your
your first amendment rights and and they
even go into like the really dicey ones
or where they go to like the parking lot
of a prison or into the lobby of a
police station and do it and it gets
pretty spicy. What do you got, Sax? You
got you got any media you're looking
forward to? These guys are going first
amendment investigative journalism, yada
yada. What do you got, S?
>> Well, the new Christopher Nolan movie is
coming out. The Odyssey looks
interesting.
>> Great call. Great call.
>> Yeah,
>> that's mine. Great call. I went with the
Odyssey.
>> What is that? What is that about?
>> The Odyssey.
>> Oh, come on.
>> Come on.
>> No. Homer's Odyssey.
>> Yes. But as interpreted by the great
director of our time, Christopher Nolan.
>> Have any of you idiots actually read the
Odyssey? This is not [laughter] great.
I'm sorry, but
>> The Odyssey is a terrible book.
>> All right. [laughter]
Okay. So, we're going to get some good
comments there.
>> You guys are all such wannabe poser
intellectual.
>> Just Christopher Nolan is just great.
It's IMAX. It's going to be epic. It's
trash. That book is blleh.
>> Okay. [laughter] You know,
>> you don't like amic pentameter.
>> So, so the idea of some confused person
making a movie about it is also just how
do I short that? Okay. That is actually
Can I short that?
>> Can I short that movie on a poly market?
I'm sure there will be. You could
probably bet on the box office. Pull it
out, Nick.
>> I bet zero.
>> Okay. It's gonna be a lot more than
zero, I'm sure.
I I'm uh also a um a big fan of Timothy
Shalabay and Doom part 3 is coming out.
I also like Avengers Doomsday.
>> Dune 3.
>> Oh, I love Dune.
>> Doom part three.
>> I love Doom one and two so so much.
>> Two was great. I think one was a little
bit of
>> Doomsday will be good. Doomsday actually
I go with that.
>> Avengers Doomsday is going to be I think
fantastic. Robert Downey Jr. as Dr. Doom
setting up secret wars and then you're
going to tie up all the previous Marvel
strings.
>> Look at look at the Odyssey Zero.
>> They're going to use [laughter] They're
going to use Doomsday to bring back all
the characters they killed.
>> Hey, besties. Uh here's a little
something
I think we're about to hit today 1
million YouTube subscribers before we do
our Netflix deal and take the show off
of YouTube. We hit a million uh before
we
>> Yeah. Wasn't it supposed to happen like
a year and a half ago? We're gonna have
like a million subscriber party a year
and a half ago. You know why?
>> Ask me. Ask me what I do.
>> Tell me why. Tell me why. Sucks.
>> Cuz we never tell our subscribers to hit
the like button or smash the subscribe
button, whatever.
>> Yeah. Every other podcast I watch on
YouTube, and I watch them all, they're
always like, "Hit the like button. Hit
the like button."
>> Oh god. Well, you know what too is the
the the big trend now is to just do
10-minute quick hits as news breaks. So
you you this is people are flooding the
channel.
>> Ask me ask me what I think about getting
to a million subscribers.
>> Any thoughts on this seinal moment for
the all-in pod hitting 1 billion
subscribers on YouTube? Go ahead. I'm
sorry. 1 million.
>> You're welcome. [laughter]
>> You're welcome. You're welcome.
>> You're welcome.
>> What's this week at?
>> Oh, this week in Sus is quarter million.
Don't worry about it. Um it's a niche
show. Don't worry about it. Not bad.
Just a frag. Not bad. Not bad. Hey,
listen. I love doing it. Uh, the reason
there's four of us
>> there's four of us, one of you. So, we
have four times the subscribers.
>> Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. They
listen. One of the great things you you
learn in media is when you build a super
team, a super band, you know, it can
actually do better than everybody
individually. So, collectively, we can
do better. And listen, it's not for me
to say.
>> Listen, you I think you've adjusted to
being Ringo Star. [laughter]
Uh, listen, I everybody says the same
thing to me. Without the show, this
would be propaganda and it would be uh
[laughter]
the Trump's personal uh
>> who says that to you.
>> Everybody wants to walk moose. Everybody
says the drink. That's I'm the stir in
the drink. I'm the I'm the stirs the
drink.
>> You're keeping the private equity wives
watching. Great job.
>> Absolutely. I'm keeping them in. All the
private equities love it. For every left
winger you that you keep watching the
pod,
>> we probably lose five
>> MAGA people
show.
>> The people the MAGA people they love
hating me. They love hating me and they
love they come back every week to hate
watch me and my takes.
>> Hate watch.
>> They do. They just [laughter] like they
hate watch you Jamal
>> the watch for a reason.
>> They tune in to hate you and hate me. Uh
well listen it's been a great year. It's
been a great year. Great job. Besties,
we kept the band together for one more
year. Let's do a poly market. Chances
the All Podcast makes it to 2027.
>> Honestly, honestly, it's not 100%.
>> It's not
>> It's never 100%. Um, it's never 100%.
We'll do the best we can. You guys love
the show,
>> smash the like button, comment, link,
subscribe, whatever you want to do.
Write a review. Tell everybody how much
you love Jamat Sweaters. and we'll see
you next week on another amazing allin.
>> Bye-bye.
[music]
>> Let your winners ride.
>> We [music] open sourced it to the fans
and they've just gone crazy with it.
[music]
>> Besties are gone.
That is my dog taking on a share
driveway. [music]
>> Oh man, my habitasher will [music] meet
up.
>> We should all just get a room and just
have one big huge orgy cuz they're all
just useless. It's like this [music]
like sexual tension that we just need to
release somehow.
[laughter]
>> We need to get merch.
>> [music]
>> I'm going all in.